So now did you learn how we can render lists.
Let's go back to outputting data.
We do output data by using strenger stipulation here with Akali braces.
Dead works fine but there is another syntax we can use especially if you want to bind the value of some
HVM attributes or properties to be precise.
Let's say we want to change the ideal one to give each list item here.
I'm just bringing this in your line to make it easier to read.
I want to give each list item here.
The idea attribute so we could say ID equals and then give it something like L in quotation marks to
output hard coded string plus L which is d id right.
So to avoid confusion let's name this element.
So with that I'm trying to assign this dynamic ID and if I save this and open here my developer tools
you see I don't get an error.
And if we inspect this element we see the IDs indeed we're at it and that's absolutely fine to do it
like this with stringin jubilation.
However typically for binding attributes and properties of elements like the ID or for image to source
things like dead you don't use string interpellation you have a number syntax you can use and that is
wrapping this idea in square brackets square brackets is assumed X recognized by angular which means
bind it sends some data into this property.
So some data into this id property here and you can kind of see a pattern.
We have parentheses for events which means react to something when we get something out of this event
basically or out of this element and square brackets to send something into it.
So here I am binding to ID and now I need to define which data I want to get into dare.
And here we can again use single quotation marks.
Element plus L.
Now that didn't become much shorter right.
We just omitted the double curly braces.
We don't need them and we don't have to or can't use them here anymore.
But still this is the cleaner syntax which you should use if you want to bind to some property but because
trigger jubilation Mostly should only be used if you want to put some text like this in your template.
However as you saw the two are interchangeable.
A lot of the times if we save this and go back to our app and I reloaders and add new elements here
and we inspect these elements you see they still have the element being added to them.
So that works just like before.
Again data by owning a property binding like this is now Rickie's syntax however and we will see it
being used later to.